- When using the command line, we refer to folders as directories. 
Files and directories on your computer are organized into a filesystem.
- When a file, directory or program is passed into a command, it is called an argument.
- Use the tab key to auto complete the names of directories and files while in the command line. 

$ : A shell prompt, it appears when the terminal is ready to accept a command
ls : When you type it, the command line looks at the folder you are in and then lists the files and folders inside it (contents of the current directory)

A filesystem organizes a computer's files and directories into a tree structure:

 1- The first directory in the filesystem is the root directory. 
It is the parent of all other directories and files in the filesystem.

 2- Each parent directory can contain more child directories and files. 

 3- Each directory can contain more files and child directories. 
The parent-child relationship continues as long as directories and files are nested.
 
- ls & pwd show where you are in the filesystem

cd : stands for "change directory". Just as you would click on a folder in Windows Explorer or Finder, cd switches you into the directory you specify. In other words, cd changes the working directory.
To navigate directly to a directory, use cd with the directory's path as an argument. Here ex, cd jan/memory/ command navigates directly to the jan/memory directory.
cd .. : To move up one directory

eza beddi anzal one level bas esm el directory
eza 2 levels /level1/level2
eza beddi a6la3 wa7deh use 2 dots ..
beddi a6la3 two levels cd ../directory b nafs my current level

mkdir :  creates a new directory in the current working directory.

touch : creates a new  empty file inside the current working directory


What can we generalize so far?

-The command line is a text interface for the computer's operating system. To access the command line, we use the terminal.
-A filesystem organizes a computer's files and directories into a tree structure. It starts with the root directory. Each parent directory can contain more child directories and files.
-From the command line, you can navigate through files and folders on your computer:
	pwd outputs the name of the current working directory.
	ls lists all files and directories in the working directory.
	cd switches you into the directory you specify.
	mkdir creates a new directory in the working directory.
	touch creates a new file inside the working directory.

touch media/popular.txt create a file named popular.txt in the media directory
